<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "urn:pubid:zenoss.com:doctypes:dita:dtd:task" "task.dtd">
<task id="d34e110">
  <title>Enable Monitoring</title>
  <taskbody>
    <context><p>All IIS servers must have a device entry in an organizer below the
    <filepath>/Devices/Server/Windows/WMI</filepath> device
    class. In addition, verify that your <ph conkeyref="names/platform"/> Windows service account has access to the IIS
    service.</p></context>
    <steps-informal>
      <ol>
      <li>
        <p>Bind the IIS template to the
        <codeph outputclass="code">/Devices/Server/Windows/WMI</codeph> class. To do this:</p>

        <ol>
          <li>
            <p>Select the device class in the devices hierarchy.</p>
          </li>

          <li>
            <p>Click <b>Details</b>.</p>
          </li>

          <li>
            <p>Select Device_WMI under Monitoring Templates.</p>
          </li>

          <li>
            <p>Select Bind Templates from the Action menu.</p>

            <p>The Bind Templates dialog appears.</p>
          </li>

          <li>
            <p>Move IIS (/Server/Windows/WMI) from the Available area to
            the Selected area, and then click <b>Save</b>.</p>
          </li>
        </ol>
      </li>

      <li>
        <p>Navigate to the device or device class in the <ph conkeyref="names/platform"/> interface.</p>

        <ul>
          <li>
            <p>If applying changes to a device class:</p>

            <ol>
              <li>
                <p>Select the class in the devices hierarchy.</p>
              </li>

              <li>
                <p>Click <b>Details</b>.</p>
              </li>

              <li>
                <p>Select Configuration Properties.</p>
              </li>
            </ol>
          </li>

          <li>
            <p>If applying changes to a device:</p>

            <ol>
              <li>
                <p>Click the device in the device list.</p>
              </li>

              <li>
                <p>Select Configuration Properties.</p>
              </li>
            </ol>
          </li>
        </ul>
      </li>

      <li>
        <p>Verify the credentials for the service account to access the
        service.</p>

        <table>
          <title>IIS Configuration Properties</title>
          <tgroup cols="2">
            <thead>
              <row>
                <entry>Name</entry>
                <entry>Description</entry>
              </row>
            </thead>
            <tbody>
              <row>
                <entry><p>zWinUser</p></entry>
                <entry><p>Windows user with privileges to gather
                performance information.</p></entry>
              </row>
              <row>
                <entry><p>zWinPassword</p></entry>
                <entry><p>Password for the above user.</p></entry>
              </row>
            </tbody>
          </tgroup>
        </table>
      </li>

      <li>
        <p>Click <uicontrol outputclass="guibutton">Save</uicontrol> to save your changes.</p>

        <p>You will now be able to start collecting the IIS server metrics
        from this device.</p>
      </li>

      <li>
        <p>Navigate to Graphs and you should see some placeholders for
        graphs. After approximately fifteen minutes you should see the graphs
        begin to be populated with information.</p>
      </li>
    </ol>
      <note>For more information about user credentials and troubleshooting 
        WMI connections, see <xref keyref="reference-ZenPacks.zenoss.WindowsMonitor"/>.</note>
    </steps-informal></taskbody></task>
